Adding a new guide about caching in browser tests (#10774)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/guide/synthetic-tests-caching.md

---
title: Avoiding cache issues in Synthetic tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
    - link: '/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure an HTTP test'

---

## Browser tests

Browsers are killed after every test execution. This ensures your Browser tests do not face cache related issues on the client side.

## API tests

> You can leverage [local variables][1] to generate a random string to send with your payload and perform cache busting on your API tests.

Author: ```suggestion
You can leverage [local variables][1] to generate a random string to send with your payload and perform cache busting on your [HTTP tests][2].
```

---
title: Avoiding cache issues in Synthetic tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
    - link: '/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure an HTTP test'
      text: 'Best practices for creating end-to-end tests'

---

## Browser tests

Browsers are killed after every test execution. This ensures your Browser tests do not face cache related issues on the client side.

> ## API tests

Author: ```suggestion
## API tests

### HTTP tests
```

---
title: Avoiding cache issues in Synthetic tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'
    - link: '/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure an HTTP test'
      tag: 'Blog'

>       text: 'Best practices for creating end-to-end tests'

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Browser tests

Browsers are killed after every test execution. This ensures your Browser tests do not face cache related issues on the client side.

## API tests

### HTTP tests

You can leverage [local variables][1] to generate a random string to send with your payload and perform cache busting on your API tests.

## Further Reading

{{< partial name="whats-next/whats-next.html" >}}

> [1]: /synthetics/api_tests/http_tests?tab=requestoptions#create-local-variables

Author: ```suggestion
[1]: /synthetics/api_tests/http_tests?tab=requestoptions#create-local-variables
[2]: /synthetics/api_tests/http_tests
```

---
title: Avoiding cache issues in Synthetic tests
kind: guide
further_reading:
    - link: 'synthetics/browser_tests'
      tag: 'Documentation'
      text: 'Configure a Browser Test'

>     - link: '/synthetics/browser_tests/actions'

Author: ```suggestion
    - link: '/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests'
```

      tag: 'Documentation'

>       text: 'Create Browser Test Steps'

Author: ```suggestion
      text: 'Configure an HTTP test'
```

>     - link: 'https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/test-creation-best-practices/'

Author: ```suggestion
```

>       tag: 'Blog'

Author: ```suggestion
```

      text: 'Best practices for creating end-to-end tests'

---

## Browser tests

> Browsers are killed after every test execution. This ensures your browser tests do not face cache related issues on the client side.

Author: ```suggestion
Browsers are killed after every test execution. This ensures your Browser tests do not face cache related issues on the client side.
```

### HTTP tests

> You can leverage [local variables][1] to generate a random string to send with your payload and perform cache busting on your [HTTP tests][2].

Author: ```suggestion
You can leverage [local variables][1] to generate a random string to send with your payload and ensure your [HTTP tests][2] do not use your caching systems.
```
